Get up.
Dr. Rong, you woke up early
Well, that recruiting guy
Well, the letter of introduction from the village came down
Today, Brother Huazi will take you to get the certificate from me.
It seems that his street place is not in the village
But in the county
So when will you be back?
uncertain
I may have to buy a few things by the way before I come back.
It's not always miserable with what you got yesterday
Well, with my ill-gotten gains
We are husband and wife
If I use my ill-gotten wealth, it means you use it too
Couple?
I really didn't expect to be a little spy
To be a wife?
Well, this damn cemetery
How dare you steal from me?
I won't let him go.
Ah my butt
Snow red, is your butt okay?
Fortunately, this damn Ling Yun
I must be done with him
Forget it, we can't afford to offend people anyway
encounter
This dress smells too much, I can't handle it cleanly.
Why don't I throw it away?
But this dress was just sent by my family.
Yeah, it's a pity, such a good dress.
This socialite is really impulsive
Hey, Zhenzhen
That reminds me.
He broke my clothes, I have to let him accompany me